# 1AC1

1. What strategy did Brailsford and his couches adopt to change the performance of the British professional cyclists? 

   单选题 (20 分) 20分

   1.  A.

      Rubbing alcohol on the tires so that they could have a better grip.

   2.  B.

      Making tiny improvements about everything they could think of.

   3.  C.

      Testing various fabrics in a wind tunnel for more aerodynamic.

   4.  D.

      Heating the overshorts to maintain ideal muscle temperature.

   正确答案: B

   

2. Which of the following is true about the success that the British Cycling team achieved from 2007 to 2017?

    

   单选题 (20 分) 20分

   1.  A.

      They won 60 gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.

   2.  B.

      They won 16 gold medals at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.

   3.  C.

      They won 178 gold medals in Olympic or Paralympic.

   4.  D.

      They won five victories in the Tour de France.

   正确答案: D

   答案解释:

   

3. For what purpose does the author tell the story about the change of the British Cycling team?

    

   单选题 (20 分) 20分

   1.  A.

      To inspire readers to replicate Brailsford’s approach in their own life.

   2.  B.

      To help readers to appreciate the concept of relentless commitment.

   3.  C.

      To salute the team of British Cycling for their astounding victories.

   4.  D.

      To show athletes a new trajectory to follow for significant successes.

   正确答案: A

   答案解释:

   

4. Why is it difficult to appreciate the concept of improving by 1 percent daily?

    

   单选题 (20 分) 20分

   1.  A.

      Because the change is not notable or even noticeable.

   2.  B.

      Because the change does not accumulate to success.

   3.  C.

      Because the improvement does not make a difference.

   4.  D.

      Because the improvement cannot change daily habits.

   正确答案: A

   答案解释:

   

5. Which of the following statements best serves as the main idea of the passage?

    

   单选题 (20 分) 20分

   1.  A.

      A tiny improvement daily is better than a once-in-a-lifetime change.

   2.  B.

      Improving by 1 percent daily determines what kind of person you are.

   3.  C.

      The span of time magnifies the margin between success and failure.

   4.  D.

      Small changes result in great victories for the British Cycling team.

   正确答案: C